README.md, before:

# OpenVector Coprocessor

OpenVector Coprocessor network enables confidential computing for existing blockchains without requiring any changes to the underlying blockchain. It provides a secure and efficient(latency and price) way for confidential computing.

## Architecture

See [Architecture Doc](docs/architecture.md) for more details on the architecture of the OpenVector Coprocessor network.

## Usage

Refer to the [README](backend/README.md) in the backend directory for more details on how to use the backend and the [README](frontend/eth_sol/README.md) in the frontend directory for more details on how to use the frontend.

### Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please follow these steps:

1. **Fork the Repository**: Create a personal fork of the CoFHE repository on GitHub.

2. **Create a Feature Branch**: 

   ```bash
   git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name
   ```

3. **Make Changes**: Implement your feature or bug fix.

4. **Commit Changes**:

   ```bash
   git commit -am "Add your commit message here"
   ```

5. **Push to Your Fork**:

   ```bash
   git push origin feature/your-feature-name
   ```

6. **Open a Pull Request**: Submit a pull request to the main CoFHE repository.

### License

OpenVector Coprocessor is licensed under the [BSD 3-Clause License]. See the license file for more details.

---

## Contact

For further information or assistance:

- **Email**: [support@openvector.ai](mailto:support@openvector.ai)

Commit message:

Update for latest pycofhe changes. Add deduction request type for confidential coin request. Add erc20 token wrapping and unwrapping in example COVToken contract.

README.md, after:

# OpenVector Coprocessor

OpenVector Coprocessor network enables confidential computing for existing blockchains without requiring any changes to the underlying blockchain. It provides a secure and efficient(latency and price) way for confidential computing.

## Architecture

See [Architecture Doc](docs/architecture.md) for more details on the architecture of the OpenVector Coprocessor network.

## Usage

1. Clone the repository:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/openvectorai/openvector_coprocesssor.git
   cd pycofhe
   ```

2. Refer to the [README](backend/README.md) in the backend directory for more details on how to use the backend and the [README](frontend/eth_sol/README.md) in the frontend directory for more details on how to use the frontend.

### Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please follow these steps:

1. **Fork the Repository**: Create a personal fork of the CoFHE repository on GitHub.

2. **Create a Feature Branch**:

   ```bash
   git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name
   ```

3. **Make Changes**: Implement your feature or bug fix.

4. **Commit Changes**:

   ```bash
   git commit -am "Add your commit message here"
   ```

5. **Push to Your Fork**:

   ```bash
   git push origin feature/your-feature-name
   ```

6. **Open a Pull Request**: Submit a pull request to the main CoFHE repository.

### License

OpenVector Coprocessor is licensed under the [BSD 3-Clause License]. See the license file for more details.

---

## Contact

For further information or assistance:

- **Email**: [support@openvector.ai](mailto:support@openvector.ai)
